this video was sponsored by twitch crime
and Blizzard didn't expect that one did
you so for this video I want to expand
upon a story from my youth before I was
a casual explainer but in fact a serious
strategy gamer and what I experienced
from going from a casual custom game
scrub to grinding the latter six hours a
day in pursuit of being number one and
achieving my lifetime goal of becoming
Korean to give some context for the
story when I was really young I used to
really like strategy games like Age of
Empires and command & Conquer but the
part that I liked wasn't the commanding
or the conquering he was just making a
bunch of workers and collecting all the
resources on the map as I looked at the
pictures in the strategy guide so
naturally around 2009 when I was 13 I
got very excited when they announced the
latest and greatest strategy game that
was about to come out Starcraft 2 and
the reason there was so much height was
because Starcraft 1 was considered the
largest and most competitive strategy
game in existence besides Warcraft 3 and
this would be its grand successor after
12 long years so right away I knew that
when this game came out I wanted to be
good at it the big appeal for me for a
game like Starcraft 2 was that it was 1
versus 1 so unlike a lot of popular
games you always knew that if you beat
the opponent he was because of your own
superior skill and if you lost the only
person to blame was the developers for
designing the game incorrectly so from
then on every moment from the time I got
home from school to when I went to sleep
was consumed by watching third or fourth
place WCG runner-up stream the beta and
the only socializing I did was watching
the day 9 daily where Shaun day 9 plot
analyzed pro Starcraft replays and
talked about how he was doing p90x to
become power hot and this made me
realize not only the importance of wrist
stretches but that one of the most
exciting aspects of a game like
Starcraft was that it had a nearly
infinite skill cap and to play perfectly
you would not only need to do a thousand
things at once you would have to be able
to scout and predict exactly what the
opponent wants to do before they even do
it which is of course impossible except
for one guy from Finland when he wears
his serious gaming fedora
so when Starcraft 2 eventually came out
I felt my game knowledge had already
peaked thanks to the thought hammer
himself and I would have no problem
climbing the highest ranks of the ladder
so I took my 45 actions per minute and
jump straight into my first real match
against a real opponent there are three
races you can play as in Starcraft
Protoss the civilized aliens with lasers
Zerg the swarming bug like aliens and
Terran the regular people of Earth that
bring the big guns and balanced
complaints of course for me I play
Protoss because my previous hobby was
rubies cubing and it only made sense and
as the game started I did what I was
also told you're supposed to do which is
type good luck have fun to your opponent
he returned the favor and said so how
you liking the game so far and as I was
typing back to him that this is my first
real game but I've been watching a lot
of day nine have you heard of power hot
bam circlings in my base I had just been
played by the oldest trick in the book
the chat rush the lesson to be learned
friends are temporary latter points are
forever so after that game I went on to
win my next four placement matches out
of sheer anger which landed me in
platinum leaf I moved my way up to the
top 20% fairly quickly then when they
introduced masters League the top 2% of
players once again no problem kiddos get
on my level but then a few months later
they introduced the grandmasters League
for only the top 200 of each server I
would have to practice for real this
time
I watched the global Star League in
Korea where tasteless and artosis argued
over who is the most handsome pro gamer
I watched state of the game a talk-show
we're in control speculated on the
Freudian symbolism of the horse within
the female psyche I even started
discussing strategy with other pro
gamers on our / Starcraft an exclusive
forum where 230,000 twitchchat
grandmasters make each other worse and
after playing the game for over a year I
finally tracked the top 200 and was one
step closer to flying to Korea to play
in the GSL and get those k-pop honeys
and then a big moment came around the
number one player in the ladder
liquid Huck was streaming and when
someone was streaming that meant you
could queue up for a game at the same
time and
sniped them if you're around the same
level but as the game loaded up I didn't
get him instead I got someone called
star tailed bomber who was at the time
one of the best Koreans in the entire
world and one of the best starcraft 2
players ever I would have to use my real
builds the game started I've split my
probes and he left the game I queued for
another game I got bomber again I split
my probes he left the game - OH ladies
and gentlemen - oh I have never gained
so many ladder points in my life turns
out he was also trying to snipe Huck and
couldn't be bothered playing me so he
just left both games right away but we
take those so I queue again but this
time I get the big man Huck himself we
play a Protoss vs. Protoss the most luck
based of all the matchups at the time
thank God he goes for an all-in attack
and I'm actually being completely
serious my way of defending it was to
just completely wall off the entrance of
my base and believe it or not I take the
big dub and win a trillion ladder points
putting me at 8th on the North American
ladder the highest I'd ever been but I
thought you know one more good win might
very well put me at number one so I
queue up again and I get bomber for a
third time I split my probes and he's
still in the game and then he absolutely
demolishes me so badly that it was the
most one-sided disaster I've ever
experienced my whole life it wasn't even
close I was straight clown so he left
the game and said to myself damn not
only did you beat Huck you just be
bomber 2-1 I guess you're the best dude
and then I quit the game the lesson to
be learned
the winner writes history ladies and
gentlemen where's your propagate
youtube-channel bomber that's right I
don't see it
Huck were you the number one Canadian
Protoss in wings of Liberty I don't know
dude that's not what the stats say
better check the match history bro
that's what I think nevertheless
flash-forward seven years it's 2019 and
the craziest thing is
the community has barely changed in
control and artosis are still hosting a
talk show the Koreans are still
dominating nearly everyone except one
guy from Finland Terran players are
still complaining about balance Shan
power hot plot recently hosted the e3 PC
gaming show meanwhile his older brother
tasteless is living out my teenage dream
of casting the GSL by day and retiring
to his hot tub with black pink by night
funding his escapades by charging $1,000
a month to anyone who wants his phone
number not even a joke and then there's
Huck whose current job title is
literally president of gaming meaning
Starcraft wasn't good enough for him so
now he also has the number-one spot on
the corporate ladder as well as for me
I've been streaming a bit recently and
decided to play a game for old times
sake because my viewer demanded it and
let me tell you rookie mistake dude I've
been playing non-stop for the last three
months as part of my Grand Master in 30
days series and as an extension of how
much fun I've had playing the game again
Blizzard and twitch prime have been nice
enough to sponsor this video for me to
let you know that all the multiplayer
for Starcraft 2 and all of its
expansions are now completely free to
play and you can follow the link in the
description to download the game and
give it a go in addition if you have
Amazon Prime you can link that for free
with twitch at twitch prime com and then
you can follow the other link in the
description to get some free loot for
Starcraft 2 including a co-op commander
voice pack to console skins and a live
banner as well so might as well grab
those while you're at it once again both
those links are in the description
[Music]
you